# packages in environment at /Applications/anaconda3/envs/DL-torch-arm64:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
aiohttp                   3.9.5           py310hd125d64_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anyio                     4.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               23.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py310h2aa6e3c_4    conda-forge
arrow                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-lru                 2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.7.22              h8a62e84_10    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.7.1                h94d0942_1    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.9.23               h99b78c6_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.2.18               h94d0942_7    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.4.2               hb74cd8f_15    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.8.2                had1507a_6    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.14.10              hcdb10ff_1    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.10.4               h856d8ab_8    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.6.0                ha9fd6de_2    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.1.16               h94d0942_3    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.1.18               h94d0942_7    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.27.3               h9d3339c_2    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.329             he6360a2_9    conda-forge
azure-core-cpp            1.13.0               hd01fc5c_0    conda-forge
azure-identity-cpp        1.8.0                h13ea094_2    conda-forge
azure-storage-blobs-cpp   12.12.0              hfde595f_0    conda-forge
azure-storage-common-cpp  12.7.0               hcf3b6fd_1    conda-forge
azure-storage-files-datalake-cpp 12.11.0              h082e32e_1    conda-forge
babel                     2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
binaryornot               0.4.4                      py_1    conda-forge
bleach                    6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py310h1253130_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h99b78c6_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.32.3               h99b78c6_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.7.4             hf0a4a13_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.7.4           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py310hdcd7c05_0    conda-forge
chardet                   5.2.0           py310hbe9552e_1    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.1           py310h21239e6_0    conda-forge
cookiecutter              2.6.0              pyhca7485f_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
datasets                  2.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.2           py310hcf9f62a_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dill                      0.3.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
evaluate                  0.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
filelock                  3.15.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.53.1          py310ha6dd24b_0    conda-forge
fqdn                      1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hadb7bae_2    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.4.1           py310hd125d64_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2024.5.0           pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             hc88da5d_1004    conda-forge
glog                      0.7.1                heb240a5_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h7bae524_2    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.5           py310h3bc658a_1    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
httpx                     0.27.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
huggingface_hub           0.24.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 hfee45f7_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.2.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        8.2.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh57ce528_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.26.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
isoduration               20.11.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.25             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonpointer               3.0.0           py310hbe9552e_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-with-format-nongpl 4.23.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_10    conda-forge
jupyter-lsp               2.2.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2           py310hbe9552e_0    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.14.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                4.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.27.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterthemes             0.20.0                     py_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py310h38f39d4_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h237132a_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 ha0e7c42_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h9a09cb3_0    conda-forge
lesscpy                   0.15.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240116.2      cxx17_h00cdb27_1    conda-forge
libarrow                  17.0.0           ha3ffeb4_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            17.0.0           hf9b8971_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          17.0.0           hf9b8971_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        17.0.0           hbf8b706_3_cpu    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           23_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           23_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                hbdafb3b_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.9.0                hfd8ffcc_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    18.1.8               h167917d_1    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.20                 h93a5062_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         hc8eb9b7_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h93a5062_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               h2757513_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           13_2_0_hd922786_3    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               hf226fd6_3    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.26.0               hfe08963_0    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud-storage   2.26.0               h1466eeb_0    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.62.2               h9c18a4f_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h0d3ecfb_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           23_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               ha4dd798_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          openmp_h517c56d_1    conda-forge
libparquet                17.0.0           h56531a6_3_cpu    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h091b4b1_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.3               hbfab5d5_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2023.09.01           h7b2c953_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h27ca646_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               hfb93653_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h7a5bd25_0    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.19.0               h026a170_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h07db509_3    conda-forge
libtorch                  2.3.1           cpu_generic_hf1facdc_1    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.8.0                h1a8c8d9_0    conda-forge
libuv                     1.48.0               h93a5062_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                h93a5062_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.16                 hf2054a2_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.7               h01dff8b_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hfb2fe0b_1    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               18.1.8               hde57baf_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hb7217d7_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py310hd125d64_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.9.1           py310hb6292c7_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.9.1           py310heb73f16_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                h91ba8db_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h1cfca0a_2    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.5           py310h8e9501a_0    conda-forge
multiprocess              0.70.16         py310hd125d64_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 7.16.4               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          7.16.4               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  hb89a1cb_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
notebook                  7.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py310hd45542a_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h9f1df11_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.1                hfb2fe0b_2    conda-forge
orc                       2.0.1                h47ade37_1    conda-forge
overrides                 7.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.2           py310h2216879_1    conda-forge
pandoc                    3.3                  hce30654_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    10.4.0          py310h01af8b1_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.47             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.47               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    6.0.0           py310ha6dd24b_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h27ca646_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyarrow                   17.0.0          py310h24597f5_0    conda-forge
pyarrow-core              17.0.0          py310h2e300fa_0_cpu    conda-forge
pyarrow-hotfix            0.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyobjc-core               10.3.1          py310h4b7648a_0    conda-forge
pyobjc-framework-cocoa    10.3.1          py310h4b7648a_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.10.14         h2469fbe_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-slugify            8.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-xxhash             3.4.1           py310h2aa6e3c_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    4_cp310    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.3.1           cpu_generic_py310hb190f2a_1    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py310h2aa6e3c_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.0.3          py310h16e08c9_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h420ef59_5    conda-forge
qtconsole-base            5.5.2              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
re2                       2023.09.01           h4cba328_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h92ec313_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.35.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
regex                     2024.7.24       py310ha6dd24b_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
responses                 0.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.7.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.19.1          py310h947b723_0    conda-forge
safetensors               0.4.3           py310hd442715_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.5.1           py310h64e73be_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.14.0          py310h7057308_1    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.3              pyh31c8845_0    conda-forge
setuptools                71.0.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sleef                     3.6.1                hf6b88df_1    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.1                hd02b534_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.2          py310hb3e58dc_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.13.0          pypyh2585a3b_103    conda-forge
terminado                 0.18.1             pyh31c8845_0    conda-forge
text-unidecode            1.3                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h5083fa2_1    conda-forge
tokenizers                0.19.1          py310hb145503_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.1           py310ha6dd24b_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
transformers              4.43.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.9.0.20240316     pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.1.0          py310h2aa6e3c_0    conda-forge
uri-template              1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webcolors                 24.6.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.43.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hb547adb_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h27ca646_0    conda-forge
xxhash                    0.8.2                hb547adb_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h57fd34a_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h3422bc3_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.4           py310hd125d64_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                hcc0f68c_4    conda-forge
zipp                      3.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py310hd9c37c8_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                hb46c0d2_0    conda-forge
